Updates upgrade instructions (#852)
cert-manager/website: content/en/docs/installation/upgrading/_index.md

It also contains documents detailing breaking changes between cert-manager
versions, and information on things to look out for when upgrading.

> 

Reviewer: Curious about this line

> Note: Before performing upgrades of cert-manager, it is advised to take a
> backup of all your cert-manager resources just in case an issue occurs whilst
> upgrading. You can read how to backup and restore cert-manager in the [backup
> and restore](../../tutorials/backup/) guide.

We recommend that you upgrade cert-manager one minor version at a time, always

> choosing the latest patch version for the minor version. You should always read
> the release notes for the minor version that you are upgrading to. In cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
choosing the latest patch version for the minor version. You should always read
the release notes for the minor version to which you are upgrading. In cases
```

where a large version jump is needed to get an installation up to date, it may
be possible to do a full uninstall and re-install of cert-manager without application
downtime and/or unnecessary re-issuances, however we do not guarantee that this will

> work for your particular setup see [Reinstalling cert-manager](#reinstalling-cert-manager)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work for your particular setup see [Reinstalling cert-manager](#reinstalling-cert-manager).
```

number you want to install:

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/<version>/cert-manager.yaml
```

Once you have deployed the new version of cert-manager, you can [verify](../verify/) the installation.

## Reinstalling cert-manager

In some cases there may be a need to do a full uninstall and re-install of
cert-manager. An example could be when a very old cert-manager version needs to
be brought up to date and it isn't feasible to upgrade one minor version at a
time, which is our default recommended upgrade strategy.

If cert-manager `CustomResourceDefinition`s are also uninstalled, this will mean
loss of associated cert-manager custom resources such as `Certificate`s. The
main concern associated with this is application downtime and unnecessary
certificate reissuance, that could happen if `Secret`s with the X.509
certificates get deleted. You can use [`--enable-certificate-owner-ref`

> flag](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/blob/f225637e200a864948695cca19620aeed6428157/cmd/controller/app/options/options.go#L339-L341)

Reviewer 2: suggestion: would linking to our website CLI reference docs (https://cert-manager.io/docs/cli/controller/) be helpful here, rather than linking to the cert-manager codebase?

Author: Thanks, that's definitely better!
I've updated the link

number you want to install:

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/<version>/cert-manager.yaml
```

Once you have deployed the new version of cert-manager, you can [verify](../verify/) the installation.

## Reinstalling cert-manager

In some cases there may be a need to do a full uninstall and re-install of
cert-manager. An example could be when a very old cert-manager version needs to

> be brought up to date and it's not feasible to upgrade one minor version at a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be brought up to date and it's infeasible to upgrade one minor version at a
```

Reviewer: or
```suggestion
be brought up to date and it isn't feasible to upgrade one minor version at a
```

> time, which is our default recommended upgrade strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time, our recommended upgrade strategy.
```

If cert-manager `CustomResourceDefinition`s are also uninstalled, this will mean
loss of associated cert-manager custom resources such as `Certificate`s. The
main concern associated with this is application downtime and unnecessary
certificate reissuance, that could happen if `Secret`s with the X.509
certificates get deleted. You can use [`--enable-certificate-owner-ref`
flag](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/blob/f225637e200a864948695cca19620aeed6428157/cmd/controller/app/options/options.go#L339-L341)

> on cert-manager controller to configure whether the `Secret`s should be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the cert-manager controller to configure whether the `Secret`s should be deleted.
```

> If this flag is set to true, each `Secret` will have owner reference to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this flag is set to true, each `Secret` will have an owner reference to the
```

`Certificate` for which it was created and when the `Certificate` is deleted,

> the `Secret` will be garbage collected. The default value for this flag is

Reviewer: Not a fan of `garbage collected` as the description. I'm pretty sure they will be *actively* deleted, not simply "eventually discarded at some random future point".

> false. If the `Certifiate`s get deleted and re-applied, but the `Secret`s remain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
false. If the `Certificate`s get deleted and re-applied, but the `Secret`s remain
```

in the cluster, the newly applied `Certificate`s should be able to pick up the

> same `Secret`s and should not reissue the X.509 certs unless required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
same `Secret`s and should not unnecessarily reissue the X.509 certs.
```

When uninstalling and re-installing in order to upgrade, you should still read

> through the release notes for each version skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
through the release notes for each skipped version.
```

Some things to look out for when considering uninstalling and re-installing
cert-manager _including the CRDs_:

> - Is `--enable-certificate-owner-ref` flag currently set to true or could it have been set to true at some point previously? Due to an earlier bug, the owner reference that gets added to `Secret`s is _not_ removed when the value of `--enable-certificate-owner-ref` is changed from true to false, see [`cert-manager#4788`](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/4788)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is `--enable-certificate-owner-ref` flag currently set to true or could it have been set to true at some point previously? Due to an earlier bug, the owner reference that gets added to `Secret`s is _not_ removed when the value of `--enable-certificate-owner-ref` is changed from `true` to `false`, see [`cert-manager#4788`](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/4788).
```
